Developer's Journal

Kevin Sikes

Chronicles of a salty researcher and programmer.

2/5/2016

Found out by a YAHOO post that the apps are in something called z80 Assembly. It also said that I need the SDK from Texas Instruments to make apps. Several
 of the links didn't work. Only one that did led to a tutorial for the wrong calculator.

TI 84 “source developer’s kit” (https://education.ti.com/en-GB/uk/products/software-development-kits-sdk)
THER IS NO SDK FOR IT! JUST A DOWNLOAD FOR A GUIDE! SSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wasted an hour to find this out and looking for a download from multiple websites.

Have to make program and use BASIC converter. It might be interesting to learn how to use BASIC.

The program can be done on calculator or using an emulator, but of course THERE IS NO SIMPLE WAY TO GET THE OS!!!!!!
Ok. I can get the OS by using a program to copy it from a calculator.

(http://www.ticalc.org/archives/files/fileinfo/321/32127.html) Link to basic builder

(http://tibasicdev.wikidot.com/basicbuilder) Link for tutorials and help

Can also be programed in assembly (http://wikiti.brandonw.net/index.php?title=84PCSE:OS:Applications)

I also started working on figuring out how to move files using Java.

2/14/2016

Apparently I am going to just have to program the app directly on my calculator. That won't be too dificult, but it will be anoying. This 
is due to the dificulty of retriveing the OS from the calculator. I also started playing with the BASIC builder to conver programs into 
apps. Apparently, what it actually does is you can put multiple programs with pictures into one app. I also need to figure out what the 
picture format is for the calculator. And I need to do more research with the bulder, because when I tried to put the app on the calculator
, it said it was imcompatible, even though it was the same format the other apps were in. Apparently either TI connect can't transfer apps,
didn't like the file, or the calculator didn't like the file. Basicaly, lots of things don't like each other at the moment. If things go 
south, I could possibly just try to shove all of the programs into one with LOTS of Gotos and, if possible for programs, I will try to add 
a GUI. But I will most likely will be able to make things work with enough reaserching. One thing that might have to happen is that I find 
a way to force the transfer. If worst comes to worst with that part, I can have a backup of the calculator ready if it compleatly breaks.

2/21/16

I found an online BASIC editor that allows you to select the calculator type. It can make program files but not app files. It can create
AppVar files for storing variables for later use and can't be changed without being edited, which could be useful. My best bet is using the
BASIC editor I found already, but i am still not sure how to make it work properly. I have started creating the program and the auto
-installer / File Mover. The only problem that I am currently having is trying to figure out how the file should be formated when outputed 
by the builder, and where to move the file. the calculator didn't show up in the file explorer, so I am going to have to try and research 
that.

2/18/16

I haven't foun where the calculator is actually located yet, but I have figured out how to move files with java. I have also worked alot on
the program itself. So far I have made around 6 menus and programed in formulas for kinematics, rotational kinematics, and the Range,
momentum, and angular momentum equations also. I also have made formulas for kinetic energy and rotational kinetic energy. They all include
units and breaks up the equation for the user to easly see what is going on. I also found that in the ti connect files, there are several 
OS for several different calculators. It is coming along nicely now.
